---
layout: post
title: Post-0040
author: author-3
image: assets/images/0040.jpg
categories: ['2 min read']
tags: ['english', '2016']
---
*Advice from an Advocate :*  <br>
   <br>
 Dear All,  <br>
 I Wanted to highlight a very important aspect. In ordinary course we keep issuing and submitting our *KYC documents* (proofs such as *AADHAR Card* , *PAN card*,  *LICENCE* etc.) to various people.  <br>
   <br>
 For housing or car or other loans, bank accounts,or even for _buying new sim card_ we submit these documents.  <br>
   <br>
 At almost all these places they ask for self certification on these documents. We immediately sign those documents and hand over.  <br>
   <br>
 Just imagine your self certified copies are freely available in the hands of such persons & those documents can be used by him for EVERYTHING!  <br>
   <br>
 For eg: Your *AADHAR / PAN Card / BSNL Bill* gets into the hands of a *Terrorist, he can misuse it to buy a SIM in your name AND YOU MIGHT BE ARRESTED for having Terror links*  <br>
   <br>
 Its really serious and its been seen that in most of the terrorist activities, KYC documents are sourced from the SIM card sellers.  <br>
   <br>
 Hence, please inculcate a 'HABIT' of *writing the date and purpose for which you are submitting the self certified KYC Documents* so that those documents cannot be used again.  <br>
 Please share this as much as possible Forwarded as I felt  <br>
 Necessary to everyone.  <br>
   <br>
 *it's very important to write the date and purpose, which we never do while submitting KYC documents.*  <br>
   <br>
 *Here after sign as  <br>
 1..........signature  <br>
 2..........Date  <br>
 3.........Purpose  <br>
 4. and not to be used for other purpose.*  <br>
   <br>
 Plz dont ignore and pass this msg to as many people u can..