---
layout: post
title: Post-0020
author: author-3
image: assets/images/0020.jpg
categories: ['5 min read']
tags: ['boss', 'job', 'english', '2016']
---
In Delhi, there was a samosa vendor. His shop was in front of a big company. His samosa was so tasty.! Most of the employees use to eat that samosa at lunch time.  <br>
   <br>
 one day, a manager came to that samosa wala. while he was eating samosa he comes in the fun mood.  <br>
   <br>
 he asks a question – yaar Raju, you have maintained your shop so nicely.  <br>
 you have good management skills. don’t you think that you are wasting  <br>
 your talent and time by selling just samosas?  <br>
   <br>
 Think, if you were working like me in any big company. you would have been a manager like me isn’t ?  <br>
   <br>
 poor samosa wala… he smiled at the manager and said awesome lines.  <br>
   <br>
 sir, I thought my work is better that your work. do u know why?  <br>
 10 year back I used to sell samosa in tokari (Leaf basket). the same time you got this job. That time I was earning Rs. 1000 in a month and your salary was 10K.  <br>
 In this 10 years journey, we did progress a lot.  <br>
 I owned a show shop and become famous samosa-wala in this area and you become a manager.  <br>
 Now you are earning Rs. 1 lakh while I am earning same and sometimes more than you. so surely, I can say that my work is better than yours.  <br>
 it’s because of my kids future.  <br>
   <br>
 Let me explain –  <br>
 Please pay close attention to my word. I started my career at lowest income. my son doesn’t have to suffer the same. one day my son will take over my business. he doesn’t have to start from 0. he will get full flashed established business but in your case, the benefits will take by your boss kids, not by your kids.  <br>
 you can not offer your same post to your son/daughter. they have to start from 0. Whatever you had suffered 10 years ago, your kids have to suffer the same.  <br>
   <br>
 my son will extend my business from now and when your kid will be manager my son will be far away.  <br>
   <br>
 Now tell me who is wasting the talent and time.  <br>
   <br>
 manager give 50 rs for two samosa’s and he didn’t speak any word and left.