---
layout: post
title: Post-0042
author: author-2
image: assets/images/0042.jpg
categories: ['2 min read']
tags: ['sms', 'english', '2016']
---
HILARIOUS MESSAGE FROM A FRUSTATED VICTIM OF CHAIN MESSAGES  <br>
 I want to thank all my friends who have forwarded chain messages to me in 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 & 2016 and still continuing..  <br>
 BECAUSE OF YOUR KINDNESS :  <br>
 1) I stopped eating the tasty kurkure after I heard that it has plastic in it.  <br>
 2- I stopped going to movies for fear of sitting on a needle infected with Aids.  <br>
 3- Forwarded hundreds of messages but still waiting for free balance.  <br>
 4- I smell like a rotten egg since i stopped using deo's because they cause cancer.  <br>
 5- I also donated all my savings to a 7 year old poor girl who was about to die in hospital about 700 times.  <br>
 6- Made 100 wishes before forwarding God's pictures & etc by now most of those 'wishes' are already married.  <br>
 7- I have stopped drinking Frooti as every six-months, one worker having AIDS dies in the Parle factory & his blood gets mixed in the Frooti.  <br>
 8- Every week Chairman & Falaana- Dheenka Director of Whatsapp send SMS to forward to 8 person in contact list if not my whatsapp will be charged or Icon will not become Blue. I have not forwarded sms, still my whatsapp is FOC (free of cost).  <br>
 9. Yesterday Our National Anthem was declared d best among all Nation. We need to b proud of it. As if otherwise we were never proud of it. And haan, Since last 2 years this YESTERDAY is still coming.  <br>
 10. If I don't take Your calls sometime, assume that my mobile is charging & I fear getting Burnt if I talk when mobile is charging. Bcoz every alternate days it is fixed somebody died of this as informed in chain SMS.  <br>
 Now if you don't send this message to your friends in next 10 seconds, a Coconut will Fall on Your Head tomorrow, even if you are in Rajasthan.  <br>
 Facebook is giving 5 kg Rice and 2 litre milk, share this message in only 5 groups and check the kitchen after 30 min