---
layout: post
title: Post-0036
author: author-2
image: assets/images/0036.jpg
categories: ['5 min read']
tags: ['money', 'news', 'job', 'government', 'english', '2016']
---
During a Robbery in Hong Kong, the Bank Robber shouted to everyone in the bank:  <br>
 "Don't move. The Money belongs to the Government. Your Life belongs to You."  <br>
   <br>
 Everyone in the Bank laid down quietly.  <br>
   <br>
 This is called "Mind Changing Concept” Changing the Conventional Way of Thinking.  <br>
   <br>
 When a Lady lay on the Table provocatively, the Robber shouted at her:  <br>
 "Please be Civilised! This is a Robbery and not a Rape!"  <br>
   <br>
 This is called "Being Professional” . Focus only on What You are Trained to do!  <br>
   <br>
 When the Bank Robbers returned Home, the Younger Robber (MBA Trained) told the older Robber (who has only completed Year 6 in Primary School):  <br>
 "Big Brother, let's count how much we got."  <br>
   <br>
 The older Robber rebutted and said:  <br>
 "You are very Stupid. There is so much Money it will take us a long time to count. Tonight, the TV News will tell us how much we Robbed from the Bank!"  <br>
   <br>
 This is called "Experience”  <br>
 Nowadays, experience is more Important than Paper Qualifications!  <br>
   <br>
 After the Robbers had left, the Bank Manager told the Bank supervisor to call the Police quickly. But the Supervisor said to him:  <br>
 "Wait! Let us take out $10 Million from the Bank for ourselves and add it to the $70 Million that we have previously Embezzled from the Bank”.  <br>
   <br>
 This is called "Swim with the Tide”  <br>
 Converting an unfavorable situation to Your Advantage!  <br>
   <br>
 The Supervisor says: "It will be Good if there is a Robbery every month."  <br>
   <br>
 This is called "Changing Priority”  <br>
 Personal Happiness is more Important than Your Job”.  <br>
   <br>
 The next day, the TV News reported that $100 Million was taken from the Bank. The Robbers Counted and Counted and Counted, but they could only Count $20 Million.  <br>
   <br>
 The Robbers were very Angry and Complained:  <br>
 "We risked our Lives and only took $20 Million. The Bank Manager took $80 Million with a snap of his fingers. It looks like it is better to be Educated than to be a Thief!"  <br>
   <br>
 This is called "Knowledge is worth as much as Gold!"  <br>
   <br>
 👆Must read...  <br>
 The above indeed gives us Management Lessons...