---
layout: post
title: Post-0038
author: author-3
image: assets/images/0038.jpg
categories: ['5 min read']
tags: ['news', 'love', 'english', '2016']
---
Minimum 35 Ways to Respect your Parents. Must read 🌹🙏🌹  <br>
   <br>
 1. Put away your phone in their  <br>
 presence.  <br>
   <br>
 2. Pay attention to what they  <br>
 are saying.  <br>
   <br>
 3. Accept their opinions.  <br>
   <br>
 4. Engage in their  <br>
 conversations.  <br>
   <br>
 5. Look at them with respect.  <br>
   <br>
 6. Always praise them.  <br>
   <br>
 7. Share good news with them.  <br>
   <br>
 8. Avoid sharing bad news with  <br>
 them.  <br>
   <br>
 9. Speak well of their friends  <br>
 and loved ones to them.  <br>
   <br>
 10. Keep in remembrance the  <br>
 good things they did.  <br>
   <br>
 11. If they repeat a story, listen  <br>
 like it's the first time they  <br>
 tell it.  <br>
   <br>
 12. Don't bring up painful  <br>
 memories from the past.  <br>
   <br>
 13. Avoid side conversations in  <br>
 their presence.  <br>
   <br>
 14. Sit respectfully around  <br>
 them.  <br>
   <br>
 15. Don't belittle/criticize their  <br>
 opinions and thoughts.  <br>
   <br>
 16. Avoid cutting them off when    they speak.  <br>
   <br>
 17. Respect their age.  <br>
   <br>
 18. Avoid hitting/disciplining  <br>
 their grandchildren around  <br>
 them.  <br>
   <br>
 19. Accept their advice and  <br>
 direction.  <br>
   <br>
 20. Give them the power of  <br>
 leadership when they are  <br>
 present.  <br>
   <br>
 21. Avoid raising your voice at  <br>
 them.  <br>
   <br>
 22. Avoid walking in front or  <br>
 ahead of them.  <br>
   <br>
 23. Avoid eating before them.  <br>
   <br>
 24. Avoid glaring at them.  <br>
   <br>
 25. Fill them with ur  <br>
 appreciation even when  <br>
 they don't think they  <br>
 deserve it.  <br>
   <br>
 26. Avoid putting your feet up in front of them or sitting with your back to them.  <br>
   <br>
 27. Don't speak ill of them to  <br>
 the point where others  <br>
 speak ill of them too.  <br>
   <br>
 28. Keep them in your prayers  <br>
 always possible.  <br>
   <br>
 29. Avoid seeming bored or  <br>
 tired of them in their  <br>
 presence.  <br>
   <br>
 30. Avoid laughing at their  <br>
 faults/mistakes.  <br>
   <br>
 31. Do a task before they ask  <br>
 you to.  <br>
   <br>
 32. Continuously visit them.  <br>
   <br>
 33. Choose your words carefully    when speaking with them.  <br>
   <br>
 34. Call them by names they  <br>
 like.  <br>
   <br>
 35. Make them your priority  <br>
 above anything.  <br>
   <br>
 Parents are treasure on this land and sooner than you think, that treasure will be buried. Appreciate your parents while you still can.  <br>
 Today lets make loads of  prayers for our beloved parents.