---
layout: post
title: Post-0015
author: author-1
image: assets/images/0015.jpg
categories: ['5 min read']
tags: ['father', 'pakistan', 'india', 'america', 'english', '2016']
---
This is superb  <br>
   <br>
 An American decided to write a book about famous churches around the World.  <br>
   <br>
 So he bought a plane ticket and took a trip to China.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 On his first day he was inside a church taking photographs when he Noticed a golden telephone mounted on the wall with a sign that read '$10,000 per call'.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 The American, being intrigued, asked a priest who was strolling by what The telephone was used for.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 The priest replied that it was a direct line to heaven and that for $10,000 you could talk to God.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 The American thanked the priest and went along his way.  <br>
   <br>
 Next stop was in Japan. There, at a very large cathedral, he saw the Same golden telephone with the same sign under it.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 He wondered if this was the same kind of telephone he saw in China and  <br>
 He asked a nearby nun what its purpose was.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 She told him that it was a direct line to heaven and that for $10,000  <br>
 He Could talk to God.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 ' O.K., thank you,' said the American.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 He then traveled to Pakistan, Srilanka, Russia, Germany and France ...  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 In every church he saw the same golden telephone with the same '$10,000 Per call' sign under it.  <br>
 The American, upon leaving Vermont decided to travel to up to India to See if Indians had the same phone.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 He arrived in India , and again, in the first church he entered, there  <br>
 Was the same golden telephone, but this time the sign under it read  <br>
   <br>
 'One  <br>
 Rupee per call.'  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 The American was surprised so he asked the priest about the sign.  <br>
 'Father, I've traveled all over World and I've seen this same golden Telephone in many churches. I'm told that it is a direct line to Heaven, But in the US the price was $10,000 per call.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 Why is it so cheap here?'  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 Readers, it is your turn........ Think .....before you scroll down...  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 .............. ......... ......... .......... ............ ......  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 .............. .......... ......... ......... ........... ......  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 The priest smiled and answered, 'You're in India now, Son - it's a Local Call'.  <br>
 This is the only heaven on the Earth.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 KEEP SMILING  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 If you are proud to be an Indian pass this to others.