---
layout: post
title: Post-0014
author: sal
image: assets/images/0014.jpg
categories: [english]
tags: ['money', 'password', 'sms']
---
*Forwarded as recieved*  <br>
 *BE ALERT*........  <br>
 *Cautionary Warning !!*  <br>
   <br>
 (Fwded as Recvd)  <br>
   <br>
 Pls read carefully and act accordingly...(extract)  <br>
 _________________________  <br>
   <br>
 --""Recently the Government has given payment banking licences to the mobile companies..  <br>
   <br>
 Except... Now what the mobile companies are doing is ......  <br>
   <br>
 Once you link your mobile with your Aadhaar - (then).. *without your consent they are opening an account in your name*.  <br>
   <br>
 My personal experience is what I am stating here.  <br>
   <br>
 Once my Vodafone number was linked to my Aadhaar and verified - (then).. *without my consent or knowledge they opened an Mpesa account in my name*.  <br>
   <br>
 Mpesa is the Vodafone *payment bank*,  <br>
 Similarly Airtels payment bank  is Airtelmoney  - etc.  <br>
   <br>
 Now I understood (figured out) what was going on -  because of my experience of having worked in a telecom firm previously.  <br>
   <br>
 I became aware only when I got an sms asking me not to share my mpesa password  with anyone.  <br>
   <br>
 I knew that I had not created any such account.. Then what was this message about.?  <br>
   <br>
 So I went to a Vodafone store and raised an *SR* ie *service request*.  <br>
   <br>
 It was my familiarity with telecom practices that prompted me to state (in technical terms) *that I needed to register an SR* ...and *be given/ receive the SR number*.  <br>
   <br>
 Which made it mandatory for them to issue an SR number.  <br>
   <br>
 Otherwise the *Modus Operandi* would be to send you to someone in Customer Care and *try to settle the issue (quietly and privately) !!*.  <br>
   <br>
 When I asked them *how they had created an Mpesa account in my name without my consent they didnt have an answer*.  <br>
   <br>
 Their reply was -  that you didnt need KYC documents for this account and you can transact upto 15000/ .  <br>
   <br>
 I replied that sending up to 15000 rupees without KYC is a government legal law which everyone is familiar with..  <br>
   <br>
 But - *for sending money you need to create an account first* .  <br>
   <br>
 To create that account *one needs KYC which I have not given you*.  <br>
   <br>
 The only thing I have done is.. *given my thumb impression to link my mobile and aadhaar*.  <br>
   <br>
 *You have used this to create an account without any sort of information or consent from me*.  <br>
   <br>
 *This is an 100% illegal act.*  <br>
   <br>
 So now I am going to give a *Complaint.*  <br>
   <br>
 By this time.. all the customers in the store were listening in to this conversation .  <br>
   <br>
 As it snowballed into an issue they agreed to give a request to get the account cancelled.  <br>
   <br>
 Then after (one of their staff) spoke to someone on the phone... I was then asked *to give a written request to get the account cancelled*.  <br>
   <br>
 I replied that... *When I have neither asked for ..nor provided KYC -  for such an account to be started... why should I write a request to cancel such an account. ??!!*.  <br>
   <br>
 When I was adamant about this point they spoke to a higher officer and then agreed to cancel the account.  <br>
   <br>
 I bring this to everyone's attn/ notice -  because most of us are businessmen ..  <br>
   <br>
 Many have loans etc and these loan subsidies and other subsidies...  <br>
   <br>
 You need to be aware that  - *Whichever* is the *last account you have linked with your aadhaar that will be the account to which all your subsidies will go*.  <br>
   <br>
 For eg if you have a State Bank savings account linked to your aadhaar through which you conduct all your major transactions, loan payments, gas subsidies etc etc.  <br>
   <br>
 So you would have already linked your aadhaar to it and maybe you have not linked any other account after that.  <br>
   <br>
 But then you get your mobile verified using  Aadhaar.  <br>
   <br>
 Now *the problem is the way the aadhaar system functions. !!*  <br>
   <br>
 It is  that *Aadhaar will look at* the *very last account that has been linked to the Aadhaar.*  <br>
   <br>
 So if the phone company creates an mpesa or similar account without your knowledge your subsidies will not go to your savings account -!!  <br>
   <br>
 *But will go to the last linked mpesa account*.  <br>
   <br>
 *This is something we are not aware of because we have not created any such accounts*.  <br>
   <br>
 Now remember the customer number of users - headcount of Total Users of  these mobile companies.  <br>
   <br>
 Taking that into account, at an all-India level , if even Rs 100 goes into an account - *imagine the amount of Free Float Idle money which is being generated. For that Telecom Co..  <br>
   <br>
 Moreover to get the money back you need a smart phone.  <br>
   <br>
 Which is not something necessarily that everyone has.  <br>
   <br>
 Further to get the account closed or money transferred elsewhere, *you are asked to pay a fine of Rs 50.*  <br>
   <br>
 Now this has got nothing to do with the Govt.  <br>
   <br>
 The Govt/ RBI is very clear.  That without KYC you cannot open an account.  Period !!  <br>
   <br>
 This practice has been implemented solely by the phone companies on their own.  <br>
   <br>
 I can even show you the screen shot of the statement of closing my account.  <br>
   <br>
 Please be aware that if and when you get an sms from Vodafone or other mobile firms asking you not to share your password, ... It means that - they have created an account in your name without your knowledge or consent.  <br>
   <br>
 Not only get it cancelled, but remember to register an SR get the SR number.  <br>
   <br>
 And never give them a letter requesting them  to close the account. Force THEM to clean se the Account *themselves*  <br>
   <br>
 Pl circulate this to the public .. to create Awareness of this *ILLEGAL, Crlminal Abuse of your Trust + Consent !!*  <br>
   <br>
 🍀🔍👁