---
layout: post
title: Post-0012
author: sal
image: assets/images/0012.jpg
categories: [english]
tags: ['dad']
---
*Rujuta Diwekar* is the highest paid *dietician* in India. She is the one who took care of *junior Ambani* to lose 108 kgs.  <br>
 *Her advice to diabetics*:  <br>
   <br>
 1. *Eat fruits grown locally* ..... Banana, Grapes, Chikoo, Mangoes. All fruits have FRUCTOSE so it doesn't matter that you are eating a mango over an Apple. A Mango comes from Konkan and Apple from Kashmir. So Mango is more local to you.  <br>
   <br>
 *Eat all the above fruits in DIABETES as the FRUCTOSE* will eventually manage your SUGAR  <br>
   <br>
 2. Choose Seed oils than Veggie oils. Like choose ground nut, mustard, coconut & til. *Don't choose chakachak packing oils*, like olive,  rice bran etc  <br>
 *Go for kachchi ghani oils than refined oils*  <br>
   <br>
 3. Rujuta spends max time in her talks talking about GHEE and its benefits.  <br>
 *Eat GHEE daily*. How much GHEE we should eat depends on food. Few foods need more GHEE then eat more and vice versa. Eat ample *GHEE. It REDUCES cholesterol*.  <br>
   <br>
 4. *Include COCONUT.* Either scraped coconut over food like poha, khandvi or chutney with idli and dosa  <br>
 Coconut has *ZERO CHOLESTEROL* and it makes your WAIST SLIM  <br>
   <br>
 5. *Don't eat oats, cereals for breakfast*. They are packaged food and we don't need them.  Also they are tasteless and boring and our day shouldn't start with boring stuff.  <br>
 Breakfast should be poha, upma, idli, dosa, paratha  <br>
   <br>
 6. Farhaan Akhtar's New ad of biscuits - fibre in every bite... Even ghar ka kachara has fibre, likewise oats have fibre. Don't chose them for fibre. *Instead of oats, eat poha, upma, idli, dosa*  <br>
   <br>
 7. *No JUICES till you have teeth* in your mouth to chew veggies and fruits  <br>
   <br>
 8. *SUGARCANE is the real DETOX* . Drink the juice fresh or eat the SUGARCANE  <br>
   <br>
 9. For pcos, thyroid - do strength training and weight training and avoid all packaged food  <br>
   <br>
 10. *RICE - eat regular WHITE RICE. NO NEED of Brown rice.* Brown rice needs 5-6 whistles to cook and when it tires your pressure cooker, then why do you want to tire your tummy.  <br>
   <br>
 A white rice is hand pounded simple rice  <br>
   <br>
 *Rice* is not high is GI INDEX.  Rice has mediun GI index and by eating it with daal / dahi / kadhi we bring its GI index further down  <br>
 If we take _ghee over this daal chawal then the GI INDEX is brought further down._  <br>
 *B.* Rice has some rich minerals and you can eat it even three times a day  <br>
   <br>
 11. How much should we eat - *eat more if you are more hungry,* let your stomach be your guide and vice versa  <br>
   <br>
 12. We can *eat rice and chapati together* or only rice if you wish. It depends on your hunger. *Eat RICE in ALL THREE MEALS without any fear.*  <br>
   <br>
 13. Food shouldn't make you scared like eating rice and ghee. *Food should make you FEEL GOOD*  <br>
   <br>
 14. *NEVER* look at *CALORIES*. Look at *NUTRIENTS*  <br>
   <br>
 15. *No bread, biscuits, cakes, pizza, pasta*  <br>
   <br>
 16. Ask yourself is this the food my Nani & Dadi ate?  If yes then eat without fear.  <br>
   <br>
 17. Eat as per your season. *Eat pakoda, fafda, jalebi in monsoon*. Your hunger is as per season. Few seasons we need fried food so eat them.  <br>
   <br>
 18. When not to have chai - tea - don't drink tea as the first thing in morning or when you are hungry. Rest you can have it 2-3 times a day and with sugar  <br>
   <br>
 19. *NO GREEN tea please.* No green, yellow, purple, blue tea.  <br>
   <br>
 20. Eat *ALL* of your *TRADITIONAL* foods.  <br>
   <br>
 21. Strictly *NO* to packaged foods / drinks.  <br>
   <br>
 22. *Exercise / Walk*  <br>
 to digest & stay healthy.  <br>
   <br>
 http://m.hindustantimes.com/health-and-fitness/nutritionist-rujuta-diwekar-on-why-you-shouldn-t-skip-rice-ghee-and-sugar/story-AYmmiMAULc1Kd7gnagcZGJ.html  <br>
   <br>
 Healthy, Stress Free Happy Morning!😀🤣