---
layout: post
title: Post-0017
author: sal
image: assets/images/0017.jpg
categories: [english]
tags: ['money', 'father', 'scam', 'fraud']
---
NEW FRAUD in Mumbai ...  <br>
   <br>
 Given below is happend to someone  <br>
 &  <br>
 He has narrted this in his own words :-  <br>
 "I received a call from someone claiming that he was from my mobile Service provider  <br>
 and  <br>
 He asked me to shutdown my phone for 2 hours for 3G update to take place.  <br>
 As I was rushing for a meeting,  <br>
 I did not question,  <br>
 but just shut down my cell phone.  <br>
   <br>
 After 45 minutes?  <br>
 I felt very suspicious, Since the caller did not even introduce his name.  <br>
 I quickly turned on my cell phone and saw several missed calls from my family members.  <br>
   <br>
 And, the others were from the number that had called me earlier.  <br>
   <br>
 I called my parents  <br>
 and  <br>
 I was shocked that they sounded very worried asking me whether...  <br>
 I am safe.  <br>
   <br>
 My parents told me that they had received a call from someone claiming that they had me with them ,  <br>
 and asking for money to let me free.  <br>
 The call was so real and my parents even heard 'My Voice'  <br>
 Crying out loud asking for help.  <br>
   <br>
 My father was at the bank waiting for next call to proceed for money transfer.  <br>
   <br>
 I told my parents that,  <br>
 I am safe and asked them to lodge a police report.  <br>
   <br>
 Right after that I received another call from the guy asking me to shutdown my cell phone for another 1 hour which I refused to do and hung up.  <br>
   <br>
 They kept calling my cell phone until the battery had run down.  <br>
 I, myself lodged a police report and I was informed by the officer that there were many such scams reported.  <br>
   <br>
 MOST of the cases reported that the victim had already transferred the money...!  <br>
 And,  <br>
 It is impossible to get back the money.  <br>
   <br>
 Be careful as this kind of scam might happen to any of us...!!!  <br>
   <br>
 Those guys are so professional and very convincing during calls.  <br>
   <br>
 If you are asked to  <br>
 shut down your cell phone for updates by the service provider,  <br>
 ASK AROUND...!  <br>
 Your family or friends might receive the same call.  <br>
   <br>
 Be Safe and Stay Alert...!  <br>
   <br>
 Please pass around to your family and friends...!!!  <br>
   <br>
 MUST SHARE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.  <br>
   <br>
 People have been receiving calls from  <br>
 +375602605281,  <br>
 +37127913091  <br>
 or  <br>
 any number starting from  <br>
 +375,  <br>
 +371 number.  <br>
 One ring & hang up.  <br>
   <br>
 If you call back it's one of those Numbers that are charged 15-30$  <br>
 &  <br>
 they can copy your contact list in 3sec  <br>
 &  <br>
 If U have bank  <br>
 or  <br>
 Credit card details on your phone,  <br>
 they can copy that too...  <br>
   <br>
 +375 is from Belarus From Afghanista..  <br>
 +371 is code for Lativa...  <br>
   <br>
 Don't answer  <br>
 or  <br>
 Call back.  <br>
   <br>
 Please FORWARD  <br>
 AND SHARE this to your friends and family VERY IMP't MSG...  <br>
   <br>
 Also,  <br>
 PLEASE READ... this...  <br>
   <br>
 Don't Press  <br>
 #90  <br>
 or  <br>
 #09  <br>
 on your Mobile No...  <br>
   <br>
 Please take care,  <br>
 IF SOME ONE ASKs YOU TO DIAL  <br>
 #09  <br>
 or  <br>
 #90.  <br>
 Please Do Not Dial this When Asked.  <br>
   <br>
 Please circulate URGENTLY.  <br>
   <br>
 Friend,  <br>
 There is a fraud company using a device that once you press  <br>
 #90  <br>
 or  <br>
 #09.  <br>
 they can access your SIM card  <br>
 and  <br>
 Make calls at your expense.  <br>
   <br>
 Forward this message to as many friends as U can, to stop it.  <br>
   <br>
 - BHARAT SANCHAR NIGAM LIMITED  <br>
 (A Government of India)