---
layout: post
title: Post-0035
author: sal
image: assets/images/0035.jpg
categories: [english]
tags: ['financial']
---
*Implication of new 26AS Form of Income Tax*  <br>
   <br>
 Background:  <br>
   <br>
 On 18July20, Income Tax Dept informed that new 26AS form is implemented  <br>
   <br>
 New 26AS will now include certain high value transactions explained How does it impact u is what this explains  <br>
   <br>
 First let's start with basics  <br>
   <br>
 Q: What is Form 26AS Form?  <br>
   <br>
 Ans: Till now Form 26AS, was a statement that IT dept used to provide u to capture  <br>
   <br>
 (a) TDS deducted from u (For eg: Ur company deducting TDS on ur salary)  <br>
 (b) TCS: Tax collected at source (house property etc)  <br>
   <br>
 Now what has changed?  <br>
   <br>
 Now Form 26AS, will have a new section known as *Section E*  <br>
   <br>
 Section E will also capture certain high value transactions that you do in a financial year  <br>
   <br>
 So at a glance it will help u see you large txns in a year. And we explain below which txns  <br>
   <br>
 Q: Tell me which txns & what do u mean by large txns (how large?)  <br>
   <br>
 Ans: For eg: if u invest in a mutual fund > 10 lacs in a year. That is a large txn and it will be captured in this statement  <br>
   <br>
 Not a single txn, but cumulative in a year if in a single MF u invest > 10 lacs  <br>
   <br>
 Q: Ok I get it, tell me more which all txns will be included?  <br>
   <br>
 Ans: 14 types of txns are included and here is the full list:  <br>
   <br>
 1) Fixed Deposits together in Bank > 10 lacs in a year  <br>
   <br>
 2) Credit Card Bills > 10 lacs (in a year) if paid by cheque  <br>
 and > 1 lacs if paid by cash  <br>
   <br>
 3) If u buy bonds > 10 lacs in a year  <br>
   <br>
 4) If u buy shares > 10 lacs in a year  <br>
   <br>
 5) If u tender shares for buyback > 10 lacs in a year  <br>
   <br>
 6) If u buy Fx > 10 lacs in a year  <br>
   <br>
 7) If u buy MFs > 10 lacs in a year  <br>
   <br>
 8) Real Estate > 30 lacs  <br>
   <br>
 9) Purchase of Bank drafts > 10 lacs with cash  <br>
   <br>
 10) If u deposit cash in savings bank account > 10 lacs  <br>
   <br>
 11) Cash deposts or withdrawals from current account > 10 lacs  <br>
   <br>
 And some other routine ones (related to demonetisation)  <br>
   <br>
 All this will be shown in Section E in your Form 26AS of your previous years also!  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 Q: How does all this impact us?  <br>
   <br>
 Ans For honest tax payers, it is actually beneficial. Now we have a single point source of all large txns which will help us.  <br>
   <br>
 For those who evaded taxes - earlier also IT dept knew it - Now it is putting it in their face and telling IT knows  <br>
   <br>
 Q: So does it mean u should do txns < 10 lacs. For eg: Make a FD < 10 lacs or  split it to keep those below 10 lakh?  <br>
   <br>
 Ans: First, this is not single txn value. Anyways all ur FDs (or other txns as detailed above) will be cumulatively (in a single bank) looked at,  <br>
 So no point trying to make smaller txns or splitting it.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 Q: I am worried will IT dept harass me now, if I spend too much on credit cards?  <br>
   <br>
 Ans: Again, honest tax payers need not worry.  <br>
   <br>
 But if someone is not paying any taxes saying negligible income but spends > 10 lacs, IT dept will surely Q him on how he can spend so much  <br>
 Or for eg:, if u say u hv negligible income in ur tax return and make FDs in Bank of > 10 lacs or invest in MFs > 10 lacs , be ready for Q on without income, how can u save so much  <br>
   <br>
 In fact for last year, based on this data, people hv been identified already by IT dept  <br>
   <br>
 Q: Where can I check my Form 26AS?  <br>
   <br>
 Ans:  <br>
 1) Log in to ur account  <br>
   <br>
 incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in  <br>
   <br>
 2) Go to My Account -> View Form 26AS  <br>
   <br>
 All previous years is already be updated with this. So u can look at it for the past  <br>
 For 2019-20, data is yet to be updated  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 Hope it helps!  <br>
   <br>
 Kindly contact your Charetered Accountant for a better understanding in the subject matter and how it affects you.  <br>
   <br>
 Thank you.🤝💐