---
layout: post
title: Post-0037
author: sal
image: assets/images/0037.jpg
categories: [english]
tags: ['covid', 'love', 'atm']
---
Now something practical and honest from the :  <br>
 Head of the Infectious Disease Clinic, University of Maryland,  <br>
 USA:  <br>
   <br>
 1. We may have to live with C19 for months or years. Let's not deny it or panic. Let's not make our lives useless. Let's learn to live with this fact.  <br>
   <br>
 2. You can't destroy C19 viruses that have penetrated cell walls, drinking gallons of hot water - you'll just go to the bathroom more often.  <br>
   <br>
 3. Washing hands and maintaining a  <br>
 two-metre physical distance is the best method for your protection.  <br>
   <br>
 4. If you don't have a C19 patient at home, there's no need to disinfect the surfaces at your house.  <br>
   <br>
 5. Packaged cargo, gas pumps, shopping carts and ATMs do not cause infection.  <br>
 Wash your hands, live your life as usual.  <br>
   <br>
 6. C19 is not a food infection. It is associated with drops of infection like the ‘flu. There is no demonstrated risk that C19 is transmitted by ordering food.  <br>
   <br>
 7. You can lose your sense of smell with a lot of allergies and viral infections. This is only a non-specific symptom of C19.  <br>
   <br>
 8. Once at home, you don't need to change your clothes urgently and go shower!  <br>
 Purity is a virtue, paranoia is not!  <br>
   <br>
 9. The C19 virus doesn't hang in the air. This is a respiratory droplet infection that requires close contact.  <br>
   <br>
 10. The air is clean, you can walk through the gardens (just keeping your physical protection distance), through parks.  <br>
   <br>
 11. It is sufficient to use normal soap against C19, not antibacterial soap. This is a virus, not a bacteria.  <br>
   <br>
 12. You don't have to worry about your food orders. But you can heat it all up in the microwave, if you wish.  <br>
   <br>
 13. The chances of bringing C19 home with your shoes is like being struck by lightning twice in a day. I've been working against viruses for 20 years - drop infections don't spread like that!  <br>
   <br>
 14. You can't be protected from the virus by taking vinegar, sugarcane juice and ginger! These are for immunity not a cure.  <br>
   <br>
 15. Wearing a mask for long periods interferes with your breathing and oxygen levels. Wear it only in crowds.  <br>
   <br>
 16. Wearing gloves is also a bad idea; the virus can accumulate into the glove and be easily transmitted if you touch your face. Better just to wash your hands regularly.  <br>
   <br>
 17.  Immunity is greatly weakened by always staying in a sterile environment.  Even if you eat immunity boosting foods, please go out of your house regularly to any park/beach.  <br>
 Immunity is increased by EXPOSURE TO PATHOGENS,  not by sitting at home and consuming fried/spicy/sugary food and aerated drinks.  <br>
   <br>
 Original article  <br>
   <br>
 https://theazb.com/we-will-live-with-covid19-for-months-lets-not-deny-it-or-panic-dr-faheem-younus/  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 A really good article.. in my opinion a must for  <br>
 everyone to read.  <br>
 You can decide on your living your style after reading this.