---
layout: post
title: Post-0027
author: sal
image: assets/images/0027.jpg
categories: [english]
tags: []
---
SO YOU THINK YOU KNOW EVERYTHING  <br>
   <br>
 A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.  <br>
   <br>
 A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.  <br>
   <br>
 A crocodile cannot stick out its tongue.  <br>
   <br>
 A dragonfly has a life span of 24 hours.  <br>
   <br>
 A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.  <br>
   <br>
 A "jiffy" is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second.  <br>
   <br>
 A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.  <br>
   <br>
 A snail can sleep for three years.  <br>
   <br>
 Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.  <br>
   <br>
 All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.  <br>
   <br>
 Almonds are a member of the peach family.  <br>
   <br>
 An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.  <br>
   <br>
 Babies are born without kneecaps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2 to 6 years of age.  <br>
   <br>
 Butterflies taste with their feet.  <br>
   <br>
 Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds. Dogs only have about 10.  <br>
   <br>
 "Dreamt" is the only English word that ends in the letters "mt".  <br>
   <br>
 February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.  <br>
   <br>
 In the last 4,000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.  <br>
   <br>
 If the population of China walked past you, in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.  <br>
   <br>
 If you are an average American, in your whole life, you will spend an average of 6 months waiting at red lights.  <br>
   <br>
 It's impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.  <br>
   <br>
 Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.  <br>
   <br>
 Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.  <br>
   <br>
 No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.  <br>
   <br>
 Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.  <br>
   <br>
 Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.  <br>
   <br>
 Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.  <br>
   <br>
 "Stewardesses" is the longest word typed with only the left hand and "lollipop" with your right.  <br>
   <br>
 The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.  <br>
   <br>
 The cruise liner, QE2, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.  <br>
   <br>
 The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.  <br>
   <br>
 The sentence: "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter of the alphabet.  <br>
   <br>
 The winter of 1932 was so cold that Niagara Falls froze completely solid.  <br>
   <br>
 The words 'racecar,' 'kayak' and 'level' are the same whether they are read left to right or right to left (palindromes).  <br>
   <br>
 There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.  <br>
   <br>
 There are more chickens than people in the world.  <br>
   <br>
 There are only four words in the English language which end in "dous": tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 There are two words in the English language that have all five vowels in order: "abstemious" and "facetious."  <br>
   <br>
 There's no Betty Rubble in the Flintstone's Chewable Vitamins.  <br>
   <br>
 Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.  <br>
   <br>
 TYPEWRITER is the longest word that can be made using the letters only on one row of the keyboard.  <br>
   <br>
 Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.  <br>
   <br>
 Women blink nearly twice as much as men.  <br>
   <br>
 Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks; otherwise it will digest itself.  <br>
   <br>
 There, now you know lots more!