---
layout: post
title: Post-0053
author: sal
image: assets/images/0053.jpg
categories: [english]
tags: ['wife', 'fraud', 'password', 'atm', 'sms']
---
*Message received  ....... SHARING A LIVE TALE OF A "FORTUNATE" SENIOR RETIRED OFFICER OF THE BANK.*  <br>
   <br>
 Dear Sir,  <br>
   <br>
 CIF No :  <br>
 SB Account No :  <br>
   <br>
 I am a retired officer of the Bank and draw my pension through the captioned SB Account with SBI Xxxxxx Xxxxxx Road Branch, Mumbai. My Deposit accounts are also with the same Branch. On 2nd December there was an attempted Fraud in my account. The sequence of events is as under:-  <br>
 1. On 1st Dec I received an sms purportedly from Airtel my mobile service provider that my KYC for the mobile connection is expiring and that my SIM will be blocked within 24 hours. In this message I was advised to contact 9641343117. I contacted the number and received an sms that I shall be contacted later.  <br>
 2. On 2nd Dec one Mithilesh Misra called me from the above number and advised that he is from Airtel to update my KYC. He then guided me through my mobile and made me download these *3 Apps from Playstore- Team Viewer (for remote access to another device), Automatically forwarding sms (as the name suggests it automatically forwards SMSs (OTPs) received) and the official Airtel Thanks App.*  <br>
 3. I was then asked to pay Rs 10/- through Internet Banking as part of KYC process. As I understand, while I entered my User ID & Password of Internet Banking, the fraudster was viewing everything I was doing through the Team Viewer app and got my INB credentials. However, luckily OTP for the Internet Banking comes in a different phone i.e. my wife’s mobile phone. I am now in Kolkata while my wife is in Xxxx. I therefore expressed my inability and then they asked me to give my wife’s mobile no which I shared. *This admittedly was a major lapse on my part.*  <br>
   <br>
 4. The person then called my wife at Xxxxx and then went through the same process of downloading the apps. Then he asked for the OTP which my wife refused to share. Then he asked her to give her Credit Card/ Debit Card numbers which also she refused to share.  <br>
 5. However, through the "Automatically forwarding SMSs" App, they could lay their hands on the OTPs from her mobile and made an attempt to transfer Rs 9996/- from my SB A/C XXXXXXXXXXX at your Branch for transfer to one Quick Silver Solutions (P) Ltd. But this transaction did not go through as this account is already blocked by an Investigating Agency.  <br>
 6. They then downloaded SBI YONO Lite app and successfully activated the same by managing the OTP from my wife’s mobile phone.  <br>
 7. In the next step they broke my online eTDR No XXXXXXXXX through premature closure option at 4.33 pm. Here also,obviously they managed to get the OTP from my wife’s mobile. Proceeds got credited as per the procedure to my SB Account no 3XXXXXXXXXX.  <br>
 8. I had by then realised that something was amiss and immediately contacted an officer with SBI who immediately put necessary holds on my above operational SB Account to cover the entire balances. The internet banking user id was also locked online through appropriate option available on the login page of the site. My ATM Card connected to my operational SB Account has also been blocked. All this were done at around 4.55 pm.  <br>
 9. The fraudster continued to attempt various transactions like changing SB Account type to Savings Plus Account, registering on random gift card sites etc but ultimately we assume that he could not make much headway and stopped.  <br>
   <br>
   <br>
 Now the position is as under:  <br>
 1. Both mine and my wife’s mobile have been compromised with the fraudsters.  <br>
 2. They have online broken one e TDR by managing to collect the OTP from my wife’s mobile no. However they could not siphon the fund as hold was put in the account.  <br>
 My Internet Banking User ID & Password have been grabbed by them.  <br>
 3. To prevent unauthorised withdrawal I have done the following  <br>
 - Put hold on my operating SB Account.  <br>
 - Blocked Online access to my accounts.  <br>
   <br>
 - Blocked my ATM Card.  <br>
 Further Airtel has confirmed that no KYC updating process was initiated by them. Another aspect, the three apps have since been uninstalled by me.  <br>
   <br>
 The whole above incident is being shared so that Bank may consider taking some further security measures/safeguards for the online banking platform. One aspect which may be deliberated upon is that, in my case, I was quickly able to get the holds in my account through a branch which probably saved me but there are lakhs of other users including senior citizens who may not personally know someone within the bank to take necessary actions in their accounts in a timely manner. In a situation like this, where both internet banking and mobile details have been compromised, by the time a customer reaches the nearest branch, his/her bank accounts will be wiped out clean by fraudsters. It is true that the Bank continuously spreads awareness messages to its customers through various media for not sharing such personal details but mistakes do happen for which bank should consider extending every help, assistance & guidance to its customers.